docs/dasharo-menu-docs: describe Dasharo menus (#419)
Dasharo/docs: docs/dasharo-menu-docs/device-manager.md

* `Secure Erase User Data` - performs secure erase of the data after reset.
* `Admin Revert to factory default and Disable` - disables the admin password
  (prompt will no longer appear during boot o unlock the drive) and the
  security feature after reset. Optionally one may select to keep or discard
  user data.
* `PSID Revert to factory default and Disable` - in case admin password has
  been forgotten PSID can be used to disable the security feature and admin
  password after reset. This will also erase user data.
* `Disable User` - disables the user functionality (and so the user password)
  after reset.

For more details about TCG OPAL please refer to
[TCG Storage Specifications and Key Management](https://trustedcomputinggroup.org/resource/tcg-storage-specifications-and-key-management/).

## Driver Health Manager

This submenu is informational only and displays the status of drivers that
install UEFI driver health protocol. Typically it is installed by 3rdparty
applications such as OptionROMs on graphics devices or network controllers for
example.

![](/images/menus/health_mgr.jpeg){ class="center" }

## Secure Boot Configuration

> This submenu allows to configure UEFI Secure Boot functionality. By default

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This submenu allows configuring UEFI Secure Boot functionality. By default
```

Dasharo firmware released after October 2022 has Secure Boot disabled by
default with no keys and certificates provisioned.

![](/images/menus/secure_boot.jpeg){ class="center" }

Option to enable Secure Boot (`Attempt Secure Boot`) will be grayed out as long
as there are missing keys and certificates in UEFI variables. In order to

> provision default keys embedded into firmware image, select the

Reviewer: Maybe  specify that these are the usual Microsoft keys for booting Windows and shim.

Author: Added

Reviewer: Thanks

`Reset Secure Boot keys`. This will provision the default keys and unlock the
`Attempt Secure Boot` (which will be selected by default when all keys are
provisioned).

One may also choose `Custom Mode` in `Secure Boot Mode` and provision own keys
and certificates:

![](/images/menus/secure_boot_custom.jpeg){ class="center" }

If `Custom Mode` is elected an additional entry appears
`Custom Secure Boot Options`. It is an advanced menu to manipulate Secure Boot
keys and certificates manually:

![](/images/menus/secure_boot_custom.jpeg){ class="center" }

Here one may delete and enroll particular keys, certificates and database
signatures.

## TCG2 Configuration

TCG2 Configuration submenu is responsible for displaying TPM 2.0 information
and managing the module.

![](/images/menus/tcg2_config.jpeg){ class="center" }

> The basic information displayed are the TPM device family, interface but also

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The basic information displayed are the TPM device family, interface, but also
```

information about supported hashing algorithms.

![](/images/menus/tcg2_config2.jpeg){ class="center" }

![](/images/menus/tcg2_config3.jpeg){ class="center" }

It is also possible to perform various TPM2 physical presence operations
(`TPM2 Operation`) and enable or disable PCR banks.

![](/images/menus/tcg2_actions.jpeg){ class="center" }

The supported TPM2 operations are:

* Disabling or enabling Owner and Endorsement hierarchies
* `TPM ClearControl(NO) + Clear` - performs TPM clear
* PCR Allocation - used to enable additional PCR banks
* `LogAllDigests` - on next reboot (and only on next reboot), add digests for
  all supported hashing algorithms to log file
* `ChangeEPS` - clears the TPM and changes its identity

For more details about the TPM operations see
[TCG Physical Presence Interface Specification](https://trustedcomputinggroup.org/wp-content/uploads/PC-Client-Platform-Physical-Presence-Interface-Specification-V1.4-R15_22July22.pdf)

## HDD Security Configuration

> HDD Security Configuration allows one to set SATA disk password. Note not all
> SATA drives support the feature. ALl SATA driver will be listed on the submenu
> main page though:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
HDD Security Configuration allows one to set SATA disk password. Note that
all SATA disks will be displayed, even these that don't support the feature.
```

with the PSID (Physical Security ID). Physical Security ID is a drive specific
key which is used to revert to factory default mode. The PSID can be typically
found on the sticker present on the disk.

Besides the feature enablement and factory restore options there is an action
interactive entry on the main TCG Drive Management page:

![](/images/menus/tcg_opal3.jpeg){ class="center" }

It is used to perform TCG OPAL specific operations when the security feature is
enabled. Enable/disable BlockSID will set/unset "freeze locking" of the drive
features as requested by OS. One may also enable or disable physical presence
(firmware popup confirmation of actions requested by OS) when switching
BlockSID.

To set up the password enter the desired disk submenu and enable the feature by
selecting the checkbox. Note that not all disks support the security feature of
TCG OPAL. Reset is required to apply changes. After reset you will be prompted
to set admin password. When the admin password is set, more options become
available for the disk:

![](/images/menus/tcg_opal3.jpeg){ class="center" }

All below options require reset to apply changes.

> * `Update Diver Admin Password` - to update current admin password. Prompt

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `Update Driver Admin Password` - to update current admin password. Prompt
```

Author: ```suggestion
* `Update Drive Admin Password` - to update current admin password. Prompt
```

  window appears after reset to enter current and new password

> * `Set Driver User Password` - is used to set an optional user password.

Author: ```suggestion
* `Set Drive User Password` - is used to set an optional user password.
```

* Microsoft Signature Database (db) consisting of:
    - [Microsoft Windows Production PCA 2011](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?linkid=321192)
      to allow Windows OS Loader to load
    - [Microsoft Corporation UEFI CA 2011](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?linkid=321194)
      to load OEM-approved UEFI drivers and applications (e.g. [shim](https://github.com/rhboot/shim))
* Microsoft Forbidden Signature Database (dbx) published as
 [UEFI Revocation List File on uefi.org](https://www.uefi.org/revocationlistfile)

To learn more, please visit
[Windows Secure Boot Key Creation and Management Guidance](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-hardware/manufacture/desktop/windows-secure-boot-key-creation-and-management-guidance?view=windows-11)

There is also a Dasharo PK certificate which is a certificate derived from a
randomly generated key by Dasharo Team. End user is expected to replace the PK
with their own key if UEFI driver or application signing is required.

One may also choose `Custom Mode` in `Secure Boot Mode` and provision own keys
and certificates:

![](/images/menus/secure_boot_custom.jpeg){ class="center" }

> If `Custom Mode` is elected an additional entry appears

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If `Custom Mode` is selected an additional entry appears
```
